# Strapi Sort & Filter Syntax

Some attributes, such as `strapi-filter` and `strapi-sort` accept arguments arguments conforming to [Strapi query string API parameters](https://docs.strapi.io/developer-docs/latest/developer-resources/database-apis-reference/rest/api-parameters.html). The syntax for these attributes is identical to the Strapi query string API, except the identifier for the query string parameter is omitted. For example, consider the query string parameter `sort=age` , which might appear in a Strapi request like _localhost:1337/api/people?sort=age_. To achieve this in strapify you would give the attribute `strapi-sort` the argument `age`. Similarly for filters, the query string parameter `filters[name][$eq]=Paul Dirac` would become `[name][$eq]=Paul Dirac` when used with a the `strapi-filter` attribute.

When making a Strapi request, it is possible to include multiple of the same query string parameter. For example, you might have a request like localhost:1337/api/people?sort=name&sort=age:desc which would would sort the collection people by name and then by age descending. This is accomplished in Strapify by providing multiple arguments to the `strapi-sort` attribute with the value `name | age:desc` . Filters work similarly, if you had the request url localhost:1337/api/people?filters[$and][0][name][$eq]=Paul Dirac&filters[$and][1][age][$eq]=82, you would give `strapi-filter` the value `[$and][0][name][$eq]=Paul Dirac | [$and][1][age][$eq]=82` .

There is one important difference between the Strapi query string API syntax and the Strapify syntax: equality operators must always be prefixed with `[$eq]` in Strapify arguments. For example, `[name][$eq]=Paul Dirac` is valid while `[name]=Paul Dirac` is not. This is due to the fact that while Strapi will allow the `[$eq]` part to be omitted when all other occurrences of the equality operator also omit it, Strapify uses the full `[$eq]=` syntax internally. If Strapify receives arguments using `=` instead of `[$eq]=` , invalid requests will be made and your Strapi data will not be fetched.